Add a clear warning to the top of the old language tour (#4659)
dart-lang/site-www: src/_guides/language/language-tour.md

noindex: true
---

{{site.alert.warning}}
  The Dart language tour's content has been split across

>   several different pages in the sidenav under **Language**.

Reviewer: **issue:** `sidenav` is jargon and doesn't translate. Consider:
```suggestion
  several different pages in the left side navigation under **Language**.
```

Author: Thanks, I've made the change!
